api-server/README.md, before:

# API Server for Trusted Setup Ceremonies

The following web server was developed for other developers and teams to use it when building their own client. This application aims to replace the ```functions``` directory that is currently deployed on Firebase and uses Cloud Functions (Lambda functions).

## Overview
This API server will be deployed for a specific ceremony. For example:

1. **Ceremony A:** API server would be deployed at [https://aceremony.ethereum.org]()
2. **Ceremony B:** API server would be deployed at [https://bceremony.ethereum.org]()

This means that all the API endpoints would consider a single ceremony per server with multiple contributions, participants and ceremony states.

## Authentication
To access and interact with most of the API endpoints, users would need a JWT access token. The authentication process to obtain this token can be performed in two ways:
1. **Login using a wallet:** the client-side application would sign a specific message with a private key and send it to this API ```/participant/login``` endpoint to authenticate. The server would create a user if it does not exist or just send the access JWT token.
2. **Login using Github:** the Login With Github functionality should be implemented on the client-side following the [Firebase guides](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/github-auth). At the end of the authentication flow between the client application and Github, the client-side would have an access token by executing ```firebase.auth().currentUser.getIdToken()```. The token could be used as an access token to the API server.

## Run the server
1. Clone repo: ```git clone https://github.com/zkparty/setup-mpc-ui```
2. Change directory: ```cd app-server```
3. Install dependencies: ```npm install```
4. Set up your configuration in the ```.env``` file
5. Run the development server: ```npm run dev```
6. Use the APIs in ```http://localhost:PORT/```

Commit message:

api-server(docs): how to run in prod using clusters

api-server/README.md, after:

# **API Server for Trusted Setup Ceremonies**

The following web server was developed for other developers and teams to use it when building their own client. This application aims to replace the ```functions``` directory that is currently deployed on Firebase and uses Cloud Functions (Lambda functions).

## **Overview**
This API server will be deployed for a specific ceremony. For example:

1. **Ceremony A:** API server would be deployed at [https://aceremony.ethereum.org]()
2. **Ceremony B:** API server would be deployed at [https://bceremony.ethereum.org]()

This means that all the API endpoints would consider a single ceremony per server with multiple contributions, participants and ceremony states.

## **Authentication**
To access and interact with most of the API endpoints, users would need a JWT access token. The authentication process to obtain this token can be performed in two ways:
1. **Login using a wallet:** the client-side application would sign a specific message with a private key and send it to this API ```/participant/login``` endpoint to authenticate. The server would create a user if it does not exist or just send the access JWT token.
2. **Login using Github:** the Login With Github functionality should be implemented on the client-side following the [Firebase guides](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/github-auth). At the end of the authentication flow between the client application and Github, the client-side would have an access token by executing ```firebase.auth().currentUser.getIdToken()```. The token could be used as an access token to the API server.

## **Run server in development mode**
1. Clone repo: ```git clone https://github.com/zkparty/setup-mpc-ui```
2. Change directory: ```cd app-server```
3. Install dependencies: ```npm install```
4. Set up your configuration in the ```.env``` file
5. Set up your ```firebase_skey.json``` file in the ```/src``` directory
6. Run the development server: ```npm run dev```
7. Use the APIs in ```http://localhost:PORT/```

## **Run server in production mode**
1. Clone repo: ```git clone https://github.com/zkparty/setup-mpc-ui```
2. Change directory: ```cd app-server```
3. Install dependencies: ```npm install```
4. Set up your configuration in the ```.env``` file
5. Set up your ```firebase_skey.json``` file in the ```/src``` directory
6. Install [PM2](https://pm2.keymetrics.io/): ```npm install pm2 -g```
7. Build the project for production: ```npx tsc```
8. Run the production server: ```pm2 start dist/index.js -i 0``` (the *-i 0* flag indicates that app can use all available clusters)
9.  Use the APIs in ```http://localhost:PORT/```

The following commands might be useful for managing PM2-running applications:
1. ```pm2 status```: shows all applications (running or stopped). If app was clusterified then it would show all processes
2. ```pm2 stop [appName | fileName ]```: stops all proccesses related to that specific application
3. ```pm2 delete [appName | fileName ]```: delete all proccesses related to that specific application from PM2
